Some fixes (#18)
Quantumshark/ES-Naltok: data/naltok intro.txt

			`	"I realize I have explained this poorly. The Telashki are the government of this region - I hear the equivalent would be your 'Republic.' Naltok is the name of our species."`
			label xochira
			`	"You must have entered our space from the south, yes? I conclude that you would have encountered the Xochira. They are xenophobes and technophobes who rejected our leadership, and now attack anyone attempting to enter or leave Naltok space. If you do not wish to face them again, you are welcome to stay here in our space. Alternatively, if you wish to leave, it is the policy of the Telashki that we will be happy to sell you weapons and warships to aid you on your journey back."`
			`	As the Naltok continues talking, the crowd behind them parts to allow a taller, more humanlike individual through. As they approach, you see brief glimpses of green skin, and before you have a chance to respond you are face to face with an Alpha. She is slightly taller than you, with short hair, and is wearing waterproof trousers and a pair of rubber boots.`
			choice
				`	(Draw my weapon.)`
					goto weapon
				`	(Wait for them to act.)`
					goto waiting
				`	"Hello, what brings you here?"`

> 			`	The Alpha seems briefly surprised, perhaps not expecting you to strike up a conversation. "Same as you, I believe. I travelled here with a Jump Drive, then found my exit blocked by the Xochira and their 'Archerfish.' Figured I'd be better off staying here than getting myself killed trying to escape. Now that we're stuck here together, what's your name?"`

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct. The quote that the quotation marks are enclosing is `Archerfish`, the name of the ship. The ship isn't called the `Archerfish.`, so the full stop is part of the sentence but not part of the quote.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	The Alpha seems briefly surprised, perhaps not expecting you to strike up a conversation. "Same as you, I believe. I travelled here with a Jump Drive, then found my exit blocked by the Xochira and their 'Archerfish'. Figured I'd be better off staying here than getting myself killed trying to escape. Now that we're stuck here together, what's your name?"`
```

				`	"Why was I attacked when I entered your space?"`
					goto xochira
				`	"If you are all Naltok, who are the Telashki?"`

> 			`	"I realize I have explained this poorly. The Telashki are the government of this region - I hear the equivalent would be your 'Republic.' Naltok is the name of our species."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I realize I have explained this poorly. The Telashki are the government of this region - I hear the equivalent would be your 'Republic'. Naltok is the name of our species."`
```

				decline
	on enter
		event "telashki ministry names"
		"reputation: Telashki" <?= -10
#		"reputation: Xochira" >?= 0
		log "Factions" "Telashki" `The Telashki govern the north of Naltok space. They are apparently harboring at least one Alpha, though you did not have the opportunity to learn more.`
		log "Factions" "Xochira" `According to the Telashki, the Xochira are a group of "xenophobes and technophobes" who control the south of Naltok space. Whatever their nature, they attacked you when you first entered their space.`
		log "Factions" "Naltok" `The Naltok are a species of aliens living on the westernmost fringes of the galaxy. They resemble newts, or perhaps salamanders or toads, and seem to prefer to live in relatively damp conditions - most of their living spaces are wholly or partially flooded with water. Their space is divided between two rival factions, the Telashki in the north and the Xochira in the south.`
		log `Encountered an amphibian-like alien species called the Naltok to the west of the Deep. Met an Alpha there, and escaped alive, but angered the 'Telashki' in the process.`
		fail
	on decline
		event "telashki ministry names"

> 		log "Factions" "Telashki" `The Telashki govern the north of Naltok space. They are harboring several Alphas, all of whom arrived prior to the Xochira's formation and are now trapped. The central governing body of their society appears to be the "Ministries," one of which is the Ministry of Alien Life.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "Factions" "Telashki" `The Telashki govern the north of Naltok space. They are harboring several Alphas, all of whom arrived prior to the Xochira's formation and are now trapped. The central governing body of their society appears to be the "Ministries", one of which is the Ministry of Alien Life.`
```

		log "Factions" "Xochira" `According to the Telashki, the Xochira are a group of "xenophobes and technophobes" who control the south of Naltok space. Whatever their nature, they attacked you when you first entered their space.`
		log "Factions" "Naltok" `The Naltok are a species of aliens living on the westernmost fringes of the galaxy. They resemble newts, or perhaps salamanders or toads, and seem to prefer to live in relatively damp conditions - most of their living spaces are wholly or partially flooded with water. Their space is divided between two rival factions, the Telashki in the north and the Xochira in the south.`
		log "People" "Izarna" `Izarna is an Alpha living in Telashki space, who apparently arrived before the Xochira split off from the rest of the Naltok and is now trapped there.`
		log "Minor People" "Choshkal" `A member of the Ministry of Alien Life who greeted you when you first arrived in Telashki space.`

> 		log `Encountered an amphibian-like alien species called the Naltok to the west of the Deep. Met an Alpha who is living in their space, and had a fairly pleasant meeting - she is apparently trapped there due to the 'Xochira.'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log `Encountered an amphibian-like alien species called the Naltok to the west of the Deep. Met an Alpha who is living in their space, and had a fairly pleasant meeting - she is apparently trapped there due to the 'Xochira'.`
```
